EC 2023-04-15

This code models a beam of 511 keV photons and its interactions in a plastic scintillator bar.
Primary particles impinge onto different positions along the bar, as specified in the 'for' cycle in 'LAB2023.cc'.
The scintillator has a specular reflector wrapping on the four lateral interfaces, and two photodetector volumes optically coupled on the two ends.
Secondary electrons are produced and thus scintillation and Cerenkov effect can occurr.
Optical photons (scintillation and Cerenkov) are transported within the scintillator, interact with optical interfaces and are detected with 100% efficiency when they enter the SiPM volume.
It was developed starting from an old version of Geant4 example 'OpNovice'. 

INPUT:
The class LabInfo was added to G4 classes to set variable parameters in 'LAB2023.cc' (e.g. bar dimensions and position, grease thickness, reflectivity, primary beam ect) and to provide these parameters to the simulation classes (mainly Detector construction and PrimaryGenerationAction).
The main accepts a command macro input file input.mac.
The input macro can be used to set commands for G4GeneralParticleSource in the PrimaryGeneratorAction.
The use of an input macro is particularly convenient to re-execute the program with different run conditions without recompiling.

The use with macro is ./LAB2023 -m input.mac
To visualize the geometry, simply run: ./LAB2023 (only if Geant4 was comiled with UI and Visualization modules!)

OUTPUT:
The simulation output files are saved in the build directory.
Result files are overwritten by a new run, therefore they must be manually saved in a different location before a new run is launched to avoid data loss.
At the end of a run, the build directory will contain:
- A summary of the simulation parameters in file 'info.txt' (with info for the last run, e.g. last simulated primary beam position).
- The simulation output for the detected optical photons in 'detect1_posZ.raw' and in 'detect2_posZ.raw'. The vectors contain the event ID, time of interaction and XY coordinates of interaction of the optical photons inside the SiPM. 
The header fo the output files is reported at the end of the info.txt file. 
The output files are saved in binary format (type 'double') in vector arrays, therefore they must be reshaped when imported, from:

id1, e1, t1, x1, y1, id2, e2, t2, x2, y2, ... idN, eN, tN, xN, yN 

to:

id1, e1, t1, x1, y1, 
id2, e2, t2, x2, y2, 
... 
idN, eN, tN, xN, yN 
